James Curran doesn't need to list the Pokemon gym leaders. He beat them and won all the titles years ago.
James Curran can read books until four AM on consecutive nigfhts with no negative effect.
James Curran can recite pi. Backwards. Starting at the end. In Base64. In the dark.
James Curran doesn't need an arduino; he sends instructions to his iRobot directly from his mind.
The world will not end this year, because James Curran thinks it shouldn't
"I don't care whether you respect me or not, because I'm in charge. And that's how you get respect - by not caring." - Dr James Curran
James Curran created everything, but not even the universe could prevent his death by MacBook Air.
The buses were late, so James Curran summoned his own from an alternative dimension.
James Curran once made a cipher which converted a phrase into varying insults targetting Java.
In the beginning, there was nothing. And then God said, let there be James Curran. And it was good.
James Curran wrote a bot that explored the whole game tree for chess. It showed that white will always win. James Curran then played black and won.
James Curran writes "old school demos" that render 3D worlds on an abacus.
James Curran proved p=np.
James Curran can write a regular expression for a string of A's followed by the same number of B's.
James Curran can break loops by dancing.
James Curran can scan QR codes with his mind.
James Curran doesn't sort lists, he raises his left eyebrow menacingly and the elements re-arrange themselves.
The dingy drawer said that James Curran's suspect glasses were once found by the girl on the hill with a telescope.
James Curran has a Twitter account, but it's so private that no-one except him can see it.
James Curran doesn't play Mafia because it'd be unfair for the other players - he automatically wins.
"Not surprisingly, if you murder someone, there's paperwork involved." - Dr James Curran
James Curran knows everything, including your name.
James Curran knows when you use vim, and is disappointed.
James Curran is turing complete.
James Curran can modulo by zero.
James Curran has one petabyte of ram, and counting.
James Curran doesn't neeed computers, computers need <ERROR: file_not_found "James.Curran">
James Curran doesn't need to bother debugging. The bugs flee due to his very presence.
Even after setting james_curran = False, it still evaluates as True.
James Curran hashes mutables in his sleep.

James Curran's tweets are not restricted to 140 characters.
James Curran can remotely start an unplugged machine.
James Curran has never needed to type 'sudo' for admin tasks, even when logged in as guest.
James Curran once wrote an O(1) bogosort.
James Curran doesn't need to walk into Mordor. He can just ssh in and delete the whole place remotely.
James Curran's reddit karma exceeds the total number of upvotes ever made. His only link is a video of him breakdancing.
James Curran can write programs instantaneously.
James Curran isn't always given rice at meals.
James Curran's watch asks HIM what the time is.
James Curran has more than five types in SQLite.
James Curran can reverse trapdoor functions in constant time.
James Curran's computer doesn't have a CTRL key, as James Curran is always in control.
James Curran won Mafia before the game started.
James Curran once made a cipher which converted a phrase into varying insults targetting Java.
James Curran can translate binary in his head, while reciting the exact order of a hash table. Backwards.
James Curran can put data into a hash table. In aplhabetical order.
James Curran doesn't make the rules, the rules make themselves around James Curran.
Someone once uploaded a photo of James Curran to Facebook. He then reset the internet, with his mind.
James Curran can simply walk into Mordor.
James Curran doesn't walk. He rotates the earth around his position.
James Curran can print coins.
The way James Curran pronounces "envelope" is always the right way.
James Curran reads the source code of Python as a bed-time story.
James Curran can interpret Matrix digital rain.
"And I am very much alive still, because I have the power to make myself alive." - James Curran
All behaviour is defined for James Curran.
When James Curran uses floating point math to evaluate 0.1 * 0.1, it does = 0.01.
1/0 = James Curran
James Curran IS cinnamon.
James Curran doesn't age.
James Curran can operate Emacs.
James Curran doesn't need to use a line following robot to rescue a princess. James Curran has no need for princesses.
It's only raining today because James Curran wants it to.
import james_curran prevents collisions in hash tables.
James Curran always uses the quantum bogosort.
James Curran turns people into ducks.
Everything you read on the Internet about James Curran is true.
James Curran can use a telescope as a cutting implement.
The robots work because James Curran told them to.
James Curran can grate cheese by hand.
James Curran can read books until four AM on consecutive nights with no negative effect.
James Curran doesn't need to list the Pokemon gym leaders. He beat them and won all the titles years ago.
James Curran doesn't need sunblock on a hot day. The sun needs James Curran block.
General relativity < special relativity < Curran relativity.
James Curran uses xmonad, because Haskell is beautiful.
"Your expensive network switch is just a glorified hardware hash table." - James Curran
James Curran uses an O(0) worst case search. He just won't give it to us mere mortals.
James Curran's residential address is ::1. He is currently migrating to IPv38.
James Curran can parse context sensitive grammars with his mind.
James Curran can concatenate strings and ints.
James Curran doesn't need to break RSA ciphers. He knows everything.
James Curran can decrypt random noise.
James Curran can divide two positive numbers and get a negative number.
James Curran can decrypt your ciphertext by listening to your CPU.
James knows the names of all students off by heart, including ones that will attend in the future.
James Curran doesn't need to press the nuclear-warfare button.
James Curran's 40x error pages return 200 OK status codes.
The world will not end this year, because James Curran wrote "old school" demos that render 3D worlds on an abacus.
In the beginning, there was James Curran.
God programs counting from zero. James Curran programs counting from zero. There are no coincidences.
"Emacs is the one true god." - James Curran
James Curran has his own Unicode character. It's too bad that no one can see it.
On the SIT machines, james_curran is a variable that can only be truthy values. Setting it to falsy values throws a RuntimeError.
James Curran only pretends to be fooled by magic. He is a War Mage with the ability to resurrect murdered students.
James Curran can bend light with his bare hands.
James Curran doesn't actually need wise tech. He himself is the epitome of wise technology.
There are only two things that give James Curran goosebumps, children's books and hashmaps.
James Curran debugs programs by writing the memory to a buzzer and listening to the tones to check if they are melodic.
